What's the latest video from GameSpot Reviews?
How much does the Vizio TV cost?
Open the calculator
What is the price of a 12' ladder at Home Depot?
What's the time in San Francisco?
What's the weather like in Singapore?
How big is the moon?
What's the news in the Bahamas?
How old is the earth?
What's the news about the US president?
Check the settings for the Google Play Movies app
Search for flights from Zurich to Helsinki
How much does a 2x4x8 board cost at Lowes?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Austin?
Who is the prime minister of the United Kingdom?
Show me some nice wallpapers for my laptop
Show me some nice wallpapers for my desktop
What's a good restaurant near me?
WHat are the new products by Samsung on eBay?
What's a good restaurant in Miami?
Install the News app
Search for flights from Zurich to Buenos aires
Show me some nice wallpapers for my computer
What's the news in Argentina?
Check my email
Google the capital of Chile
What's the price of the Galaxy phone on eBay?
Install the ESPN app
Open a new Chrome private window
Set an alarm for 8am
What's US dollar exchange rate against the Japanese Yen?
What's the news in theFalkland Islands?
How do I get to the nearest grocery store?
Search for hotels in Mexico city
What's the news in Peru?
Open the camera
Search for top rated seafood restaurants on Google Maps
What's the weather like in Hong Kong?
What's US dollar exchange rate against the Chinese Yuan?
Open a new Chrome tab
Search for the best pizza restaurants on Maps
What's on Reddit today
Install the Wikipedia app
Turn off notifications for the Google Maps app
Check my gmail inbox
How do I get to the nearest Subway?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Seattle?
Search for a new mascara
What is the speed of a tiger?
Open Reddit
Install the Yelp app
Open the clock
Search for flights from Helsinki to Tokyo
What's a good restaurant in Atlanta?
What's the weather like in Mexico City?
Search for flights from Seoul to Barcelona
Find a good burger place on Maps
What's on the menu at Domino's?
Open the downloads
Play some music on YouTube
What's the weather like in Delhi?
Install the Lyft app
Set an alarm for 8pm
Set an alarm for 9am
Search for flights from Sydney to Zurich
Search for a new foundation (skincare) product
Where can I buy a nice beach blanket?
Open the gallery
Where can I buy a nice beach sandals?
Search for a new blush
What's the price of the 1000-Watt EGO Power+ Snow Blower?
Google the capital of Ecuador
Open the music app
What is the capital of Brazil?
Install the Facebook app
Where can I buy a nice beach chair?
Play the new Selena Gomez video on YouTube
What's the news this week?
Set an alarm for 10am
Search for top rated sushi restaurant
How much does the Samsung TV cost?
What time is it in Los Angeles?
Search for flights from Tokyo to Mexico city
What's on Reddit
Open a new private window in the chrome app
Check the settings for the Google Play Music app
Search for flights from Boston to Zurich
What time is it in London?
Search for flights from Tokyo to NYC
Where can I buy a nice beach bag?
Google the capital of the United States
What's the latest tech news?
Search for the best burger restaurants on Maps
What time is it in Moscow?
Set an alarm for 6am
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Los Angeles?
What's on the menu at Papa Murphy's?
What is the capital of Argentina?
Go to Reddit
What's US dollar exchange rate against the British Pound?
Open the calendar
Find the nearest electronics store that's open
Search for good Greek restaurants
Search for good Italian restaurants
What's the US dollar exchange rate against the Euro?
Search for hotels in Zurich
Where can I buy a nice beach umbrella?
Find the nearest grocery store
What's the news in French Guiana?
How big is the sun?
Google the capital of Peru
Search for good Italian restaurants on Maps
Install the Calendar app
Set an alarm for 3pm
What's on the menu at IHOP?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Philadelphia?
What time is it in Sydney?
What is the capital of Switzerland?
What's the latest video from Gameranx?
What's US dollar exchange rate against the South Korean Won?
What's the news in Suriname?
What are the best selling refrigerators at Lowes?
Search for flights from Barcelona to Mexico city
Set an alarm for 7pm
What's a good restaurant in Los Angeles?
How much does the new iPad cost?
What's a good restaurant in Houston?
Open a new private tab in Chrome
What time is it in Paris?
Where can I buy a nice beach tote?
Set an alarm for 7am
Search for hotels in Las Vegas
What's on the menu at Red Lobster?
What's the news about the US dollar?
What is the speed of a plane?
Search for hotels in Buenos aires
Search for flights from NYC to London
Find the nearest electronics store that's open tomorrow
What's the news this morning?
What's the price of the Galaxy phone?
Check the settings for the Amazon Music app
What's the weather like in Rio de Janeiro?
Open the calendar app
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in New York?
Google the capital of Bolivia
What's the news in Nepal?
What's a good restaurant in Portland?
Install the CNN app
Search for flights from Boston to Sydney
What's the price of the 2x4x8 boards at Home Depot?
How do I get to the nearest Nordstrom?
Search for a new eyeshadow on Sephora
Search for top rated burger restaurants on Maps
What's the news in the Philippines?
What's a good restaurant in New York?
Open a new window in Chrome
What time is it in San Francisco?
Install the Uber app
Play the new Ed Sheeran video on YouTube
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in San Francisco?
Search for hotels in Austin
Open a new incognito tab in Chrome
Search for hotels in NYC
How much does the TCL TV cost?
How much does a3 bedroom apartment rent for in Portland?
Check the settings for the Google Maps app
Set an alarm for 12pm
What's a goodrestaurant in Austin?
Search for hotels in San Francisco
How do I get to the nearest JCPenney?
Open the play store
Search for hotels in Seattle
What is the speed of a bicycle?
What's the top post on reddit right now?
Search for a new lipgloss
Install the Instagram app
What's the latest news in space technology?
Search for flights from Mexico city to Seattle
What's the news in Paraguay?
Search for flights from Sydney to Buenos aires
What does the iPhone 8 look like on eBay?
Install the eBay app
What's the news in Sri Lanka?
Search for a new nail polish
What's the news in Japan?
What's the latest video from GameSpot?
Check my gmail
How do I get to the nearest Walmart?
Open a new Chrome incognito tab
What's the news in China?
Play the new Demi Lovato video on YouTube
What time is it?
Install the Starbucks app
Search for a new highlighter
What is the speed of a cheetah?
How big is a blue whale?
Search for flights from Barcelona to Boston
What's the US dollar exchange rate against the Canadian Dollar?
What's the news in Malaysia?
Where can I buy a nice beach towel?
How do I get to the nearest Sprint Store?
What's the latest news in astrophysics?
What is the capital of Norway?
Open a new incognito window in the chrome app
What's on the menu at McDonalds?
What's a good restaurant in Chicago?
How do I get to the nearest Chipotle?
Set an alarmfor 5pm
Open the settings
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Miami?
What's the latest news in planetary science?
What's on the menu at Chipotle?
Play the new Bruno Mars video on YouTube
What's the weather like in London?
What's the news in Ecuador?
What's the news about the US dollar exchange rate?
What time is it in Berlin?
What's the price of the TCL TV?
Open the contacts app
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Washington DC?
What is the capital of the United Kingdom?
Search for good Chinese restaurants
What's a good restaurant in Dallas?
Set an alarm for 11am
Search for a new mascara on Sephora
Check the settings for the Google Play Books app
What is the capital of Italy?
How big is the universe?
What's on Reddit this week
Search for 5 star sushi restaurants on Maps
What's the news in South Korea?
What's the weather like in New York?
Check the settings for the Amazon Shopping app
Show me some nice wallpapers for my phone
Search for a new hair product
Search for a new blush on Sephora
Search for hotels in San Diego
Play the new Maroon 5 video on YouTube
What's the time?
What does the iPhone 8 look like?
What's the top post on reddit?
Set an alarm for 1pm
Search for a good pizza place on Maps
What's the news this weekend?
Search for flights from Mexico city to Zurich
What's a good restaurant in New Jersey?
Search for flights from Chicago to London
Search for hotels in Sydney
How do I get to the nearest Verizon Store?
Search for top rated burger restaurants on Google Maps
Find the nearest electronics store that's open now
Play the new Drake video on YouTube
Search for a new foundation on Sephora
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Atlanta?
What is the capital of Sweden?
What's a good restaurant in Phoenix?
What's the weather like in San Francisco?
What's the weather like in Sydney?
Search for flights from Helsinki to Seoul
What's the news in Brazil?
How big is a lion?
Open the files app
How do I get to the nearest electronics store?
Search for hotels in Chicago
How big is a giraffe?
Install the Pandora app
Google the capital of Uruguay
How big is the earth?
What's the US dollar exchange rate against the Australian Dollar?
Google the capital of Brazil
Google the capital of Colombia
What is the speed of a jet?
Search for flights from Buenos aires to Seoul
What's the news in Myanmar?
Search for good BBQ restaurants
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Chicago?
Show me my notifications
What's on the menu at Taco Bell?
What's the news in Bolivia?
What's the weather like inToronto?
What's the news about the US?
Open the Google play store app
Search for hotels in New York
Google the capital of Venezuela
Search for hotels in Los Angeles
What's the news about the US stock market?
What time is it in Beijing?
What's the US dollar exchange rate against the Brazilian Real?
What's the latest video from IGN?
Play the new Beyonce video on YouTube
What time is it in Tokyo?
Search for a new perfume
What's the news in Chile?
What's the news in Uruguay?
How do I get to the nearest Starbucks?
Search for flights from Buenos aires to Tokyo
What's the news in Indonesia?
How do I get to the nearest Home Depot?
What's a good restaurant in Las Vegas?
What's the latest video from GameSpot News?
Search for hotels in Washington DC
What's the weather like in Tokyo?
What's the latest news in astronomy?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in San Francisco?
What's the time in New York?
How much does the LG TV cost?
Set an alarm for 4pm
What's on the menu at Five Guys?
Google the capital of Panama
What's the price of the new iPhone on eBay?
What's the news in Trinidad and Tobago?
What's a good restaurant in San Francisco?
What's the price of the Vizio TV?
Google the capital of Argentina
Search for the best Mexican restaurants
What is the capital of India?
What's on the menu at Olive Garden?
Open the contacts
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Philadelphia?
What's the weather like in Paris?
What's the latest video from Game Informer?
What's the speed of light?
What is the capital of Canada?
Google the capital of Canada
What's on the menu at Panera?
What's the news in Taiwan?
Install the Spotify app
What's the news in Vietnam?
What's the weather like in Moscow?
Search for hotels in Atlanta
Search for top rated sushi restaurants on Maps
Search for a new skincare product
Search for flights from NYC to Sydney
What's the news in Brunei?
Toggle notifications for the Google Photos app
What is the capital of Japan?
Google the capital of Mexico
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Chicago?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Dallas?
Search for flights from NYC to Buenos aires
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Boston?
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Austin?
Search for good Korean restaurants
What's the latest news in cosmology?
What's the latest news in space science?
What's a good restaurant in San Diego?
How much does the new iPad cost on eBay?
Open a new tab in Chrome
Check the settings for the Google Play Store app
Install the Weather app
What's the news in Guyana?
What's on my calendar for the rest of the week?
Play the latest video from the New York Times
What's the news in Colombia?
Search for flights from Mexico city to Boston
What's the US dollar exchange rateagainst the Swiss Franc?
Open a new window in the chrome app
Play the latest video from the Wall Street Journal
Search for a new eyeshadow
What's the top post on reddit today?
What is the price of a 12' ladder at Lowes?
Search for flights from Buenos aires to Helsinki
What's a good restaurant in Sacramento?
What is the capital of Mexico?
What's the news in Singapore?
Open a new Chrome incognito window
What's a good restaurant in Boston?
What's the news in Barbados?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Houston?
What's the weather like in Seoul?
Where can I buy a nice beach cooler?
Search for flights from Mexico city to Sydney
How much does the Sony TV cost?
What's the latest news in space?
What's the news in Cambodia?
What is the speed of sound?
How do I get to the nearest IKEA?
How do I get to the nearest Burger King?
What's the price of the Hisense TV?
What's the news this month?
Check my email inbox
Search for a new lipstick on Sephora
Search for flights from NYC to Mexico city
Search for flights from NYC to Tokyo
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Denver?
Search for a new eyeliner
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Denver?
Open a new Chrome window
Set an alarm for 6pm
What's on the menu at In-N-Out?
Find a nice sofa on eBay
Toggle notifications for the Google Maps app
How do I get to the nearest AT&T Store?
What's the weather like in Johannesburg?
Open the SMS app
How do I get to the nearest Lowe's?
What's the news this evening?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Miami?
What's the latest news in tech?
Play the latest video from the Washington Post
How big is a tiger?
What's the weather like in Beijing?
Search for flights from Seoul to Mexico city
Search for good Japanese restaurants
What is the speed of a train?
Search for good Indian restaurants
Search for flights from NYC to Barcelona
What's the news in Pakistan?
What's a good restaurant in Seattle?
Google the capital of Paraguay
Open a new incognito tab in the chrome app
Search for flights from Tokyo to Seoul
Check the settings for the Google Photos app
How do I get to the nearest McDonalds?
Install the Yahoo app
What's on my calendar for the rest of the month?
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Boston?
What's the news?
Who is the prime minister of Canada?
What's US dollar exchange rateagainst the Mexican Peso?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Atlanta?
What's the news in Thailand?
What's the news in the Dominican Republic?
Who is the president of the United States?
Show me some nice wallpapers for my tablet
What's the price of the Samsung TV?
What is the capital of England?
What's on the menu at Cheesecake Factory?
Where can I buy a nice beach hat?
Open a new Chrome private tab
Search for flights from NYC to San Francisco
What's US dollar exchange rate against the Indian Rupee?
Play the new Justin Bieber video on YouTube
What is the capital of Germany?
Search for flights from London to Paris
What's a good restaurant in Philadelphia?
What's the news this afternoon?
What's on the menu at Papa John's?
What's the latest technology news?
What is the speed of light?
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Washington DC?
Open a new tab in the chrome app
Search for top rated pizza restaurants on Maps
What is the speed of a skateboard?
Search for a new bronzer
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Seattle?
What's the latest video from GameSpot eSports?
How do I get to the nearest Target?
What is the capital of China?
What's the news in Venezuela?
Search for flights from San Diego to Seattle
Open the clock app
Where can I buy a nice beach tent?
Who is the president of France?
What's the news in Laos?
What's on the menu at Denny's?
Search for good Thai restaurants
What's the latest video from GameSpot Trailers?
What is the speed of a rocket?
What's a good restaurant in San Jose?
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Portland?
Install the Reddit app
What's the weather like in Chicago?
Set an alarm for 2pm
What's the news in Puerto Rico?
What is the capital of France?
Search for hotels in Paris
What's on the menu at Starbucks?
Search for good pizza restaurants on Maps
What's the weather like in Mumbai?
How do I get to the nearest Macy's?
What's the news in Jamaica?
Search for hotels in London
Search for flights from NYC to San Diego
How do I get to the nearest T-Mobile Store?
Play the new Katy Perry video on YouTube
What's a good restaurant in Denver?
How far is the moon?
Play the latest video from the BBC